# Phase 5
Adds a new feature which displays gpx tracks on the map.
Creates a new objectBox entity.
Imports GPX tracks from a selected folder, save to an objectBox database and display on the map.
- Parent import folder is  ~/Documents/Bushwalking/Tracks (tracks folder).
- Tracks are also stored in subfolders of tracks folder.
- On first application launch examine each gpx track in ~/Documents/Bushwalking/Tracks/Tasmania and in the tracks folder  but no other child folder. Examine the first track point and determine the country and state in which the gpx track resides.
- If the gpx track is for Tasmania, import the track into objectBox.
- If the Tasmanian gpx track is NOT in the Tasmania folder, then move it to the Tasmania folder, otherwise leave it in place.
- If the track is in the Tasmania folder but is not a Tasmanian track move it to the tracks folder.
- Add a fab named show tracks, with a material icon.route. This icon toggles the display of tracks. When tracks are not displayed, the icon should be show as disabled. Use the same left-positioned tooltip/semantics wrapper pattern as the implemented map route-shell FABs.
- Add a keyboard shortcut 't' to toggle the display.
- Displayed tracks will initally be displayed as the colour a726bc. Future enhancement will allow colours to be chosen for each individual track.
- the objectBox entity for this should have the following schema:
  - gpxTrackId
  - fileLocation
  - trackName
  - startDateTime
  - distance
  - ascent
  - totalTime
  - trackColour
- Only the fileLocation, trackName and colour are to be populated. All other fields will be populated in the future.
- add an import FAB. Uses Icons.input. Place in between the info and grid FAB. Use the same left-positioned tooltip/semantics wrapper pattern as the implemented map route-shell FABs.
- Future: add move to folder.
- Future: show direction arrows on track
