# Phase 5a
## goal
Add a number of fields to the existing GPX tracks entity. The GPX track will be analysed to populate the fields described in the Schema section below.

### Schema
F-1. Retrofit the existing GPX track ObjectBox entity with the additional schema, existing fields remain untouched. Each schema  item is to be grouped as the #### header or a separate entity created to allow a lookup of schema items e.g. "Distance" has distanceHint and distance fields. This is required for future dashboard views:

#### Distance
- distanceHint (String) populated with "This is the distance hint"
- distance (double?) - The total length of the track. This is to be calculated from the GPX track 
- distanceToPeak (double?) - The distance from the first trackpoint to the highest elevation. This is to be calculated from the GPX track 
- distanceFromPeak (double?) - The distance from the highest elevation to the last trackpoint. This is to be calculated from the GPX track 
#### Elevation 
- elevationHint (String) populated with "This is the elevation hint"
- ascent (double?) - The total vertical ascent. This is to be calculated from the GPX track 
- descent (double) - The total vertical descent. This is to be calculated from the GPX track 
- elevationProfile - use the same JSON-encoded format as trackPoints? - This is to be calculated from the GPX track. 
- startElevation (double) - The elevation of the first trackpoint. This is to be calculated from the GPX track 
- endElevation (double) - The elevation of the last trackpoint. This is to be calculated from the GPX track 
- lowestElevation (double) - The lowest elevation. This is to be calculated from the GPX track 
- highestElevation (double) - The highest elevation. This is to be calculated from the GPX track 
#### Speed
- speedHint (String) populated with "This is the speed hint"
- averageSpeed - future, null for now
- movingSpeed - future, null for now
- maxSpeed30s - future, null for now
- maxSpeed1m - future, null for now
- maxSpeed3m - future, null for now
- maxSpeed5m - future, null for now
- ascentSpeed - future, null for now
- descentSpeed - future, null for now
#### Duration
- durationHint (String) populated with "This is the duration hint"
- totalTimeMillis (int?) - (Duration stored as milliseconds)
- movingTime
- restingTime
#### Climbs
- climbsHint (String) populated with "This is the climbs hint"
- climbs
